[migration] Remove AsciiDoc files (#4835)
elastic/observability-docs: README.md

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Starting with Elastic Stack v9.0.0 the content in this repo has been moved to other repos.
>

> > **If you need to update the docs for version 8.17 or earlier**, you can open a PR in this repo targeting the specific version branch and backport to other branches using the [Backport CLI tool](https://github.com/sorenlouv/backport?tab=readme-ov-file#backport-cli-tool).

Reviewer: I think this needs to either be (a) "**8.19** or earlier" or (b) "versions prior to 9.0".

Author: ```suggestion
> **If you need to update the docs for a version prior to 9.0.0**, you can open a PR in this repo targeting the specific version branch and backport to other branches using the [Backport CLI tool](https://github.com/sorenlouv/backport?tab=readme-ov-file#backport-cli-tool).
```

>
> **If you're updating the docs for version 9.0 or later**, you can open a PR in the content's new home:
>
> * Observability guide and serverless docs: [elastic/docs-content](https://github.com/elastic/docs-content/tree/main/solutions/observability) (stateless and serverless docs have been consolidated into one doc set)

> > * Integrations developer guide: [elastic/integrations](https://github.com/elastic/integrations/tree/main/docs/extend)

Author: @bmorelli25 let me know what you think about this approach. After we've settled on the approach/language, I can open a similar PR in https://github.com/elastic/ingest-docs.

Reviewer: One comment. This is really helpful, thank you
